=head1 UPGRADE INSTRUCTIONS

=head2 Upgrading to v2.6.0

v2.6.0 introduces a separate class for the static class information. In theory,
this change is backwards-compatible, but future evolutions of DBIx::NinjaORM
may change the internals of C<DBIx::NinjaORM> and break your implementations of
C<static_class_info()>.

It is therefore strongly recommended to modify C<static_class_info()> in your
subclasses as follows:

=over 4

=item * Before:

	sub static_class_info
	{
		my ( $class ) = @_;
		
		# Load defaults.
		my $info = $class->SUPER::static_class_info();
		
		# Values specific to this class.
		$info->{'key'} = 'value';
		$info->{'...'} = '...';
		
		return $info;
	}

=item * After:

	sub static_class_info
	{
		my ( $class ) = @_;
		
		# Load defaults.
		my $info = $class->SUPER::static_class_info();
		
		# Values specific to this class.
		# IMPORTANT: now set using set() instead of using a hash assignation.
		$info->set(
			{
				'key' => 'value',
				'...' => '...',
			}
		);
		
		return $info;
	}

=back


=head1 AUTHOR

Guillaume Aubert, C<< <aubertg at cpan.org> >>.


=head1 BUGS

Please report any bugs or feature requests through the web interface at
L<https://github.com/guillaumeaubert/DBIx-NinjaORM/issues/new>.
I will be notified, and then you'll automatically be notified of progress on
your bug as I make changes.


=head1 SUPPORT

You can find documentation for this module with the perldoc command.

	perldoc DBIx::NinjaORM


You can also look for information at:

=over 4

=item * GitHub's request tracker

L<https://github.com/guillaumeaubert/DBIx-NinjaORM/issues>

=item * AnnoCPAN: Annotated CPAN documentation

L<http://annocpan.org/dist/DBIx-NinjaORM>

=item * CPAN Ratings

L<http://cpanratings.perl.org/d/DBIx-NinjaORM>

=item * MetaCPAN

L<https://metacpan.org/release/DBIx-NinjaORM>

=back


=head1 COPYRIGHT & LICENSE

Copyright 2009-2013 Guillaume Aubert.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License version 3 as published by the Free
Software Foundation.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program. If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/

=cut

1;

